DOCS - Improve SEO (#761)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/overview.md

---

> description: The `wallet.rs` library is written in Rust.  You can also find two bindings written in Node.js and Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The `wallet.rs` library is written in Rust. You can also find three bindings written in Node.js, Python and Java.
```
